1. the wide ball runs and extra runs also count in the partnership like if team score 50 runs in which 10 extra without losing any wicket then the partnership also for first wicket should be 50 runs not 40 runs 

2. when i wicket the player then wicket is showing and in the team score and scorecard also but the player is not change when in the modal i am changing the player and the player change is not happened when it was the last ball of the bowler 

3. when second inning started then the first inning scorecard is how showing

4. when the last ball of the match is done and then the box comes that team 1 won then still the bowler and some data is not updated like 0.5 ball and etc it is the rendering issue just need to render

5. still after completion of matches the player runs, weights and boundaries data is not updated 

6. addition feature after completion of this also added the logic to decide the player of the match which is based on the performance like how many weights and runs they score based on some points and the player of the match should be unique every time not a tie in any case and the player of the match is always from the winning team and this data is also stored that will show in the view score page that in old matches how was the player of match 

7. show the total overs in the match in the scoring page

8. no ball logic not working fine it should be like if no-ball then when select no ball and then click to runs that much runs consume at the no ball with out in increases the ball count of match and bowler this works fine but the issue is when get  1 run in the no ball then strick should rotate and data of the scorecard and the live striker is not match it is not consistent --

if player at 1(1) and then in no ball hit's 1 run then the strick rotate and run count increases 

9. when wicket and new player select insure that in the dropdown list only those player shows how not out and also not player like on strike and off strick

10. allow last man to play like if 5 player in a team so i give 5 wicket and if 2 wicket left and player 4 and player 5 playing and when player 4 out then the match is not end there it should be allow to play last player player 5 and when it out then all out done, right not it is working like i will select the player 5 again to last player to both the end player 5 is player to this will works allow the last man to play

11. in the ui of scoring show the when run chase the text below the score like 20 run need at 12 balls dynamic

12. one issue comes that when player out and new player selected to the wicket ball count to player who out not to new player like right not happened like new player comes with 0(1)

13. the final result comes wrong --

Match Completed
Gaurav - Team won by 8 runs
Winner: Himanshu - Team

if my teams wins show in winner then in the result text also himanshu team won has comes 


14. the partnership data comes wrong not accurate and consistent

it show proper like 
if player are a,b,c,d,e
then for 5 wicket the partnership like
a - 12 - b - for 1 wicket or if not then still counting and also added all extra runs like wide 
a -  4 - c - for 2 wicket 
c - 13 - d - for 3 wicket 
d - 11 - e - for 4 wicket 
e - 21 - e -- for last wicket last man

this should be working 